$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2017Q1,v 1.1.2.7 2017/04/12 14:33:29 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2017Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #5225 - requested by sevan
textproc/grep: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5226 - requested by sevan
converters/libiconv: build fix

Pullup ticket #5228 - requested by sevan
lang/openjdk8: build fix

Pullup ticket #5229 - requested by sevan
audio/timidity: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5236 - requested by sevan
databases/cdb: remove restriction

Pullup ticket #5237 - requested by sevan
mail/mess822: remove restriction

Pullup ticket #5238 - requested by sevan
editors/nvi: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5230 - requested by sevan
devel/arcanist: dependency fix

Pullup ticket #5231 - requested by sevan
devel/scmcvs: bug fix

Pullup ticket #5233 - requested by sevan
devel/woboq_codebrowser: build fix

Pullup ticket #5235 - requested by sevan
mk/check/check-files.mk: documentation fix

Pullup ticket #5242 - requested by wiz
www/curl: security patch

Pullup ticket #5244 - requested by kim
net/proftpd-postgresql: security update
net/proftpd-sqlite; security update
net/proftpd: security update

Pullup ticket #5246 - requested by sevan
sysutils/collectd: security update

Pullup ticket #5250 - requested by bsiegert
net/rabbitmq: security update

Pullup ticket #5251 - requested by bsiegert
devel/golint: build fix

Pullup ticket #5252 - requested by joerg
www/py-django: security update

Pullup ticket #5257 - requested by wen
www/mediawiki: security update

